Refactoring collisions functionality (#1769)
PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy: changelog/1769.feature.rst

> Refactor of `~plasmapy.formulary.collisions` to split the module
> into sub packages and have the ability to implement new functionality

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refactored `~plasmapy.formulary.collisions`.  The file
:file:`collisions.py` was converted into a subpackage (directory) and
it's contents was split into appropriately categorized and named
sub-modules (files).
```

A little rewording to be consistent with our changelog guidelines and to be a little more explicit.
